README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Write a new README
Add a specific README with working install commands.
The previous one was the generic README from the Next.js framework.

README.md, after:

A graphical device tree visualizer (early development).

Device trees are used to describe a lot of hardware, especially in the embedded world and are used in U-Boot, Linux and other boot loaders and kernels. A device tree enumerates addresses and other attributes for peripherals, hardware decoders, processing cores and external components attached to systems on chips (SoCs) on printed circuit boards (PCBs).

This application uses [device_tree-rs](https://github.com/platform-system-interface/device_tree-rs) to parse .dtb files. You can find more informations about the fileformat there. Further informations can be found on [elinux](https://elinux.org/Device_Tree_Mysteries#kernel_usage) and in this [slides](https://metaspora.org/hack-the-gadget-mrmcd2023.pdf#Outline0.5) from a MRMCD Talk.

## Screenshot

![grafik](https://github.com/m0veax/dtvis/assets/2205193/f15c087a-81d9-4935-9126-4d788e68459b)


## Local Development

Install wasm-pack

```bash
cargo install wasm-pack
npm install
```

## Run the app in development mode

```bash
npm start
```

Open [http://localhost:3000/dtvis](http://localhost:3000/dtvis) with your browser to see the result.

## Contribute

Feel free to contribute
